President Li, you were looking for me?
Zhang Wen Xu
You’ve been getting close to my sister lately, haven’t you?
Yes
Jian Dao and I have no feelings for each other anymore
Your sister is single
So we’ve gotten closer
Is there a problem?
Zhang Wen Xu, you know
I’ve never liked you
If I get the chance
I’ll definitely make sure
you walk down a miserable path
I hope you don’t give me that chance
President Li
Don’t you have a thing
for that trashy woman I got tired of?
Why didn’t you say so earlier?
If you had just said something, she’s just a woman,
I’d give her to you
Why make it come to this?
Shut up
Oh dear
President Li
if you called me here today
to interfere with my love life
Then I guess we have nothing to talk about
How much?
This isn’t about money
For someone like you, is there really anything
money can’t solve?
Your sister holds
35% of Li Shi Group shares
Tell me
how much are those 35% shares worth?
So...
So you’re with her for the shares?
It’s not that I want the shares
Your sister insists on giving them to me
Who told her to be so naive?
She’s just like...
Jian Dao back in the day